---
Thema:
tags:
  - 4semester
fach:
date created: Monday, 15. April 2024, 12:01
date modified: Saturday, 6. July 2024, 01:43
---

# Modules

## Info Modules

- [[Formale Sprachen und Komplexität (FSK)|FSK (Formale Sprachen und Komplexität)]] (in work)
- [[Rechnernetze und Verteilte Systeme (RNVS)|RNVS (Rechnernetze und Verteilte Systeme)]] (in work)
- IT-Kompetenz (done)
- Bachelorseminar (done)

## Statistic Modules

- [[BaySta]]
- [[LiMo]] (in planning)

### Selectable Modules for Statistics

I am currently unsure which of the bottom four modules I will ultimately choose. They are likely to be updated in the first few weeks of the 4th semester, after which three of them will become deprecated and I will choose one:

- [[BaySta|Einführung in die Bayes-Statistik]]
- [[LiMo]]

These updates are intended to provide the most current and relevant content. I will make my decision based on these updates and the modules' relevance to my future studies. Currently `BaySta` is the selected one, but I plan on taking the `LiMo` Exam and therefore add notes for it here. I am not sure if I have the time to take well care of `LiMo notes`, as it was a spontaneous decision and I did not take the course over the semester.

<!-- DISQUS SCRIPT COMMENT START -->

<hr style="border: none; height: 2px; background: linear-gradient(to right, #f0f0f0, #ccc, #f0f0f0); margin-top: 4rem; margin-bottom: 5rem;">
<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>
    /**
    * RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
    * LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables */
    /*
    var disqus_config = function () {
    this.page.url = PAGE_URL; // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
    this.page.identifier = PAGE_IDENTIFIER; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
    };
    */
    (function() { // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
    var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');
    s.src = 'https://myuninotes.disqus.com/embed.js';
    s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
    (d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
    })();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>

<!-- DISQUS SCRIPT COMMENT END -->

<!-- Modal START -->
<div id="myModal" class="modal">
  <div class="modal-content">
    <span id="closeModal" class="close">&times;</span>
    <p class="modal-text">
      <span class="modal-highlight">MyUniNotes is a personal, non-revenue project as I believe in accessible education for everyone.</span> I manage this project alongside my studies, with all materials handwritten by me trying to help others understand challenging concepts.
    </p>
    <p class="modal-text">
      If MyUniNotes has been helpful and you’d like to support my efforts, <span class="modal-highlight"> you can contribute with a donation: <a class="modal-dono-link" href="https://paypal.me/myuninotes4u">Donate via PayPal</a> :) </span> Your support will help me continue improving the content, but there is no obligation to donate.
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<script>
  // JavaScript to display the modal on page load
  document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
    // Generate a random number between 1 and 1
    // Wanted it to load with a adjustable probability for every page load but did not work, as DOM is loaded only once. Therefore now loading it every time website is visited and DOM is loaded.
    const randomNumber = Math.floor(Math.random() * 1) + 1; 
    console.log(randomNumber)
    if (randomNumber === 1) {
      setTimeout(function() {
        const modal = document.getElementById('myModal');
        if (modal) {
          modal.classList.add('show');
        }
      }, 1000); // Adjust the delay as needed

      const closeModal = document.getElementById('closeModal');
      if (closeModal) {
        closeModal.addEventListener('click', function() {
          const modal = document.getElementById('myModal');
          if (modal) {
            modal.classList.remove('show');
          }
        });
      }
    } else {
      // Ensure the modal is hidden if the random number is not 1
      const modal = document.getElementById('myModal');
      if (modal) {
        modal.style.display = 'none';
      }
    }
  });
</script>
<!-- Modal END -->
